# CI_opensource



Okay, good work. Now its time to do the same thing except for my python file. For this, I am going to need to create and reorganize my full workflow by adding a bunch of new functionality. There are multiple steps to this editor that need to be implemented and upgraded, and it also needs to be broken down and made for user interactivity. This editor needs to be broken down by all of the steps and things that are related to it. 

First off, I want to do this as to make it to where a user can create a full map and dataset, category, and mode. There are three levels to something that I want a user to be able to create essentially a map out of all of the datasets they want to be a part of it. For example, if a user wants to create a map for "military" and they want to assign levels of importance to each of the categories and datasets, he should be able to do that. For this example, lets say there are 5 datasets, 3 in the "transport" category, and 2 in the "mining" category. For the use case of "military", the user will probably want to say something like the transport category is more important, so the weight of the category will be 75% and the mining category will be 25%. Within each of those categories will be that the user is loading in as either the APIs provided, the custom API, or the GeoJSON upload as datasets, and for example in the transport category there is a dataset of "bridges" a dataset of railroads, and a dataset of ports. For this use case, the user may want to assign the bridges as having a weight of 60%, the railroads as 30%, and the ports at 10%. This would make it all even and add up to 100%, and the categories can be assigned weights. Its very important to keep in mind that the data above and below these values will inherit all of the data from above such as the category of transport itself being 75% of value in this use case. This is the ultimate goal of what I am trying to create for this editor, and I am wanting to make the python code to make it to where it can do this automatically by the user editing the properties of the dataset, the datasets they want in a category, and if the user wants to create a mode of which they can craft all of these out of. 

Making this workflow is a complicated process, but luckily I already have all of the notebooks laid out to where I can have this done already and I understand whats going on, I just need to make this python code to where it will do it all in an automated fashion and according to the adjustments and settings of the user. The first thing that I want to do with this python file is to separate all of the functionality that controls the editor itself and the functionality that actually does stuff with the data and the stuff the controls the datasets, modes, and categories.


